the Navy is different from the other branches. I guess you could kind
of think of it. Maybe is more of a strategic service. You know, we operate
with, with the exception of special warfare, um, and things and
communities like explosive ordnance disposal. Usually you're talking
about warships floating around with compliments of large weapons,
as opposed to, say, the Army, which the the entity that's operating
might be a, uh, squad company platoon battalion of people, Um that
can be used at different variations on maybe a tactical level. While
while the Navy still does operates on the tactical level with the
nature of patrolling the world's oceans, it becomes very strategic very
quickly. That overall purpose of patrolling the sea lanes lends
itself to be more be more strategic in general.